DOCS: add help for quicksetup fails in intro (#4838)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/intro/troubleshooting.rst

.. _Stackoverflow link: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/21079820/how-to-find-pg-config-pathlink

> .. _intro:troubleshooting:installation:quicksetup:

Reviewer: Can we give this a more meaningful name, like `...:installation:postgresql-setup-autodetect-issues`?

Author: Sure, in general I thought that we should keep the "tag" names short, but I guess this is more important for anything that branches out, and end leaves can be longer.

Autodetection of the PostgreSQL setup
.....................................

> Sometimes the local configuration of PostgreSQL may be difficult to autodetect for AiiDA when running ``verdi quicksetup``.
> In that case try the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes AiiDA fails to autodetect the local configuration of PostgreSQL when running ``verdi quicksetup``.
In that case try to:
```

>     1. Create the database in PostgreSQL (see :ref:`here<intro:install:database>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Create the database manually in PostgreSQL (see :ref:`here<intro:install:database>`)
```

    2. Run the full ``verdi setup`` command (see :ref:`here<intro:install:verdi_setup>`)

> 

Reviewer: Are users supposed to always do both steps or either one of them?

Author: Both of them; why? should I clarify this more in the previous text?

Reviewer: Yes, I've made a suggestion above how to achieve that.

>     1. Create the database manually in PostgreSQL (see :ref:`here<intro:install:database>`)
>     2. Then run the full ``verdi setup`` command (see :ref:`here<intro:install:verdi_setup>`)

Reviewer: Just adding periods since those are sentences.
```suggestion
    1. Create the database manually in PostgreSQL (see :ref:`here<intro:install:database>`).
    2. Then run the full ``verdi setup`` command (see :ref:`here<intro:install:verdi_setup>`).
```

Author: Yeah I never know when to punctuate list elements or not =S

Autodetection of the PostgreSQL setup
.....................................

Sometimes AiiDA fails to autodetect the local configuration of PostgreSQL when running ``verdi quicksetup``.
In that case try to:

    1. Create the database manually in PostgreSQL (see :ref:`here<intro:install:database>`)

>     2. Run the full ``verdi setup`` command (see :ref:`here<intro:install:verdi_setup>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Then run the full ``verdi setup`` command (see :ref:`here<intro:install:verdi_setup>`)
```
